Updated the readme file to remove the use of legacy app (#375)
mattermost/mattermost-plugin-zoom: README.md

#### Create an app for Mattermost

1. Go to [https://marketplace.zoom.us/](https://marketplace.zoom.us/) and log in as an admin.

> 2. In the top left select **Develop** and then **Build App**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. In the top right select **Develop** and then **Build App**.
```

> 3. On top you can choose either the **development** or **production** app. If you wish to publish the app on Zoom Marketplace then please select production. The plugin supports apps that are published in the Zoom Marketplace.

Reviewer: I don't think the customer will be publishing it to the marketplace. I guess I don't see the use case of the customer publishing the app. Maybe we should just suggest select `Development` and explain why?

Also, is there a risk of choosing `Production`, even if they are not intending to publish to the marketplace? If it's not possible to set up with `Production`, and we can't do anything about that, then we need to say `Development`, but I would prefer to tell the customer to use `Production` if possible.

```suggestion
3. On top choose **Development**. We would choose **Production** if we were publishing to marketplace, but we won't be doing that here.
```

4. You can edit the name of your app from top left side by clicking on edit icon.
5. Choose **User-managed app** as the app type.

![app_type](https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-plugin-zoom/assets/90389917/47b81f49-3699-4737-815d-5cc2fccab0c4)

6. Next you'll find your **Client ID** and **Client Secret**. Please copy this as these will be needed when you set up Mattermost to use the plugin.

> 2. Enter a valid **Redirect URL for OAuth** \(`https://SITEURL/plugins/zoom/oauth2/complete`\) and add the same URL under **Add Allow List**. Note that `SITEURL` should be your Mattermost server URL.

Reviewer: Weird how the ordering goes from 6 to 2 here

1. Go to [https://marketplace.zoom.us/](https://marketplace.zoom.us/) and log in as an admin.

> 2. In the top left select **Develop** and then **Build App**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. In the top right select **Develop** and then **Build App**.
```

> 3. On top you can choose either the **development** or **production** app. If you wish to publish the app on Zoom Marketplace then please select production. The plugin supports apps that are published in the Zoom Marketplace.

Reviewer: Same comment about publishing as before

4. You can edit the name of your app from top left side by clicking on edit icon.
5. Choose **Admin-managed app** as the app type.

![app_type](https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-plugin-zoom/assets/90389917/3030b7ea-eea2-4fd1-b8f1-5b47a17efecc)

6. Next you'll find your **Client ID** and **Client Secret**. Please copy this as these will be needed when you set up Mattermost to use the plugin.

> 2. Enter a valid **Redirect URL for OAuth** \(`https://SITEURL/plugins/zoom/oauth2/complete`\) and add the same URL under **Add Allow List**. Note that `SITEURL` should be your Mattermost server URL.

Reviewer: Same 6 to 2 comment here
